# Self Introductions

## Akhil Pacha

I'm Akhil Pacha having 4.3 years of IT experience, specialized in Azure Data Engineering for the past 4.3 years. I am working with Church & Dwight; they are operating in Consumer Goods domain. Currently, CHD Cloud utilizes a Spotfire application developed in Tibco software. In a strategic move, the client has opted to move all these processes to a cloud-based solution. As part of this initiative, we've developed configuration-driven pipelines and workflows to handle near-real-time data processing from the ADLS location using Autoloader in Databricks. ADF is used for data extraction and orchestration of pipelines, Databricks is used for business transformations, and Logic Apps for email notifications. We ingest source data from varied external sources in different formats like JSON and CSV, and from on-prem DB2-400 and SAP HANA. Our project architecture follows the Medallion approach (Bronze, Silver, Gold) to meet our business requirements. We store processed data in Delta Lake tables, enabling seamless integration with Power BI for report generation.

## Aliya Sulthana

I'm Aliya Sulthana having 2.5 years of IT experience, specialized in Azure Data Engineering for the past 2.5 years. I am working with Suncorp NZ; they are operating in Insurance domain. Currently, Suncorp DI R2 utilizes a Spotfire application developed in Tibco software. In a strategic move, the client has opted to move all these processes to a cloud-based solution. As part of this initiative, we've developed configuration-driven pipelines and workflows to handle near-real-time data processing from the ADLS location using Autoloader in Databricks. ADF is used for data extraction and orchestration of pipelines, Databricks is used for business transformations, and Logic Apps for email notifications. We ingest source data from varied external sources in different formats like JSON and CSV, and from on-prem DB2-400 and SAP HANA. Our project architecture follows the Medallion approach (Bronze, Silver, Gold) to meet our business requirements. We store processed data in Delta Lake tables, enabling seamless integration with Power BI for report generation.

## Madhan B

I'm Madhan B having 2.5 years of IT experience, specialized in Azure Data Engineering for the past 2.5 years. I am working with Builders FirstSource; they are operating in Retail domain. Currently, BFS DE utilizes a Spotfire application developed in Tibco software. In a strategic move, the client has opted to move all these processes to a cloud-based solution. As part of this initiative, we've developed configuration-driven pipelines and workflows to handle near-real-time data processing from the ADLS location using Autoloader in Databricks. ADF is used for data extraction and orchestration of pipelines, Databricks is used for business transformations, and Logic Apps for email notifications. We ingest source data from varied external sources in different formats like JSON and CSV, and from on-prem DB2-400 and SAP HANA. Our project architecture follows the Medallion approach (Bronze, Silver, Gold) to meet our business requirements. We store processed data in Delta Lake tables, enabling seamless integration with Power BI for report generation.

## Pravallika KV

I'm Pravallika KV having 3 years of IT experience, specialized in Azure Data Engineering for the past 3 years. I am working with Kholer Co; they are operating in Retail domain. Currently, Kholer DM utilizes a Spotfire application developed in Tibco software. In a strategic move, the client has opted to move all these processes to a cloud-based solution. As part of this initiative, we've developed configuration-driven pipelines and workflows to handle near-real-time data processing from the ADLS location using Autoloader in Databricks. ADF is used for data extraction and orchestration of pipelines, Databricks is used for business transformations, and Logic Apps for email notifications. We ingest source data from varied external sources in different formats like JSON and CSV, and from on-prem DB2-400 and SAP HANA. Our project architecture follows the Medallion approach (Bronze, Silver, Gold) to meet our business requirements. We store processed data in Delta Lake tables, enabling seamless integration with Power BI for report generation.

## Shravya CH

I'm Shravya CH having 4.5 years of IT experience, specialized in Azure Data Engineering for the past 4 years. I am working with GlaxoSmithKline; they are operating in HelthCare domain. Currently, GSK R&D utilizes a Spotfire application developed in Tibco software. In a strategic move, the client has opted to move all these processes to a cloud-based solution. As part of this initiative, we've developed configuration-driven pipelines and workflows to handle near-real-time data processing from the ADLS location using Autoloader in Databricks. ADF is used for data extraction and orchestration of pipelines, Databricks is used for business transformations, and Logic Apps for email notifications. We ingest source data from varied external sources in different formats like JSON and CSV, and from on-prem DB2-400 and SAP HANA. Our project architecture follows the Medallion approach (Bronze, Silver, Gold) to meet our business requirements. We store processed data in Delta Lake tables, enabling seamless integration with Power BI for report generation.
